hey guys Tampa Tech and this is how to
replace a laptop LCD screen basically
you just want to pry off the bezel and
just unclips in most cases on most
laptops or you use a plastic credit card
once you have the puzzle off you'll
expose the screw holes and the screws
this is a cost to sell your broken
laptop by the way this is a cost of a
LCD screen or if you decide this is the
cost of a new laptop so it's definitely
worth it to try to fix your broken
screen so you just want to get a micro
Phillips head screwdriver and just
unscrew it there's four screws all
around the LCD screen
just comes right off after takeoff those
four screws and you want to obviously
power down first before you take it all
apart I'm going to lift the latch and
pull off the ribbon cable connection
the part number is on the back of the
broken LCD screen you want to confirm
the new part number that it matches the
old LCD screen when you plug in the
ribbon cable connection make sure it's
flush and tight and secure and the latch
goes all the way completely down
otherwise you'll get lines showing up on
the screen you want to lift up the
screen line it up with the screw holes
in this case this gruel's don't line up
like most of the people say in the
reviews so I got a metal drill bit and I
drilled out and opened up the holes
you can't just mount the LCD panel the
way it is on the top two screws but all
the bottom screws won't line up the
bezel will actually ultimately secure
now it fits perfectly with the screw
holes opened up the screws fit now put
the four screws in surrounding the LCD
panel using the micro Phillips head
screwdriver
next you want to line up the bezel on
the bottom first and then work your way
up to the top turn it sideways you can
see if there's any gaps and secure the
bezel to the laptop looks good next I
got some protective covers to prevent it
from cracking again
I ordered the waterproof keyboard skin
to prevent any kind of other disasters